boards: nordic: Drop nrf52810dmouse board (#21072)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Board support
=============

> * Removed support for nRF52810 desktop mouse board (``nrf52810dmouse/nrf52810``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed support for the nRF52810 Desktop Mouse board (``nrf52810dmouse/nrf52810``).
```

  * Application configurations for nRF54L05, nRF54L10, and nRF54L15 SoCs to use Fast Pair PSA cryptography (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_CRYPTO_PSA`).
    Using PSA cryptography improves security and reduces memory footprint.
    Also increased the size of the Bluetooth receiving thread stack (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RX_STACK_SIZE`) to prevent stack overflows.

>   * Application configurations for nRF52820 SoC to reduce memory footprint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Application configurations for the nRF52820 SoC to reduce memory footprint:
```

  * Requirement for zero latency in Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:pm-system` while USB is active (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_PM_REQ_NO_PM_LATENCY <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option of the :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_pm`).
    The feature is enabled by default if Zephyr Power Management (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM`) is enabled to prevent entering power states that introduce wakeup latency and ensure high performance.

* Removed:

  * An imply from the nRF Desktop Bluetooth connectivity Kconfig option (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BT <config_desktop_app_options>`).

>     The imply enabled a separate workqueue for connection TX notify processing (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CONN_TX_NOTIFY_WQ`) if MPSL was used for synchronization between the flash memory driver and radio (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_RADIO_SYNC_MPSL`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The imply enabled a separate workqueue for connection TX notify processing (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CONN_TX_NOTIFY_WQ`) if MPSL was used for synchronization between the flash memory driver and the radio (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_RADIO_SYNC_MPSL`).
```

>     The MPSL flash synchronization issue (``NCSDK-29354`` in the :ref:`known_issues`) is fixed.
>     The workaround is no longer needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The workaround for the MPSL flash synchronization issue (``NCSDK-29354`` in the :ref:`known_issues` page), as the issue is now fixed.
```

Author: Change to `The workaround for the MPSL flash synchronization issue (``NCSDK-29354`` in the :ref:`known_issues` page) is no longer needed, as the issue is now fixed.`

>   * Application configurations for nRF52810 desktop mouse (``nrf52810dmouse/nrf52810``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Application configurations for the nRF52810 Desktop Mouse board (``nrf52810dmouse/nrf52810``).
```
